-- Sign up Page --
three fields for sign up - email, password, confirm password
sign up button at bottom 
must be valid email/password - will send user to log in page after sign up
email and password stored in secured server/database
log in button at top 

 --Log in Page --
two fields - email, password
log in button at bottom 
if valid - send user to Spaces page
if invalid - send error message and for user to retry
password and email gathered from database
log in link at top of page needed??


-- Spaces page --
list spaces button below title - takes to spaces page
sign out button top right - takes to log in page
request button top right - takes to requests page
spaces button top right - does nothing? refreshes page?
date filter fields - can test this function and how it will work
list spaces button to the right of filter fields - filters the spaces listed depending on dates selected (what if filter field is empty and you press?)
spaces listed below - clickable to take to booking page
scroll function for the spaces?
database/server for spaces?


-- Listing page --
List space title at top of page 
spaces, requests and sign out button top right - directs user to new page respectively
5 empty fields - name, description, price, date from, date to - test cases can be built around these fields
list my space button at bottom - redirects back to spaces page where the space should be present if all is valid
added to a database/server for spaces?
confirmation before posting the space?
 

-- Booking page --
spaces, requests and sign out button top right - directs user to new page respectively
Space name and details present at top of page 
Calender with available dates below - unavailable dates will be greyed out - test cases can be built around this calendar
Request to book button at bottom - takes to spaces page or requests page??



-- Requests page --
spaces, requests and sign out button top right - directs user to new page respectively
request button refreshes or does nothing?
Requests title at top of page - 'requests i have made' bottom left 'requests i have received' bottom right
clicking a space requested - takes user to the booking page of that space (user can amend and it will update?)
clicking a request i have received - takes to accepting and declining page

-- Accepting/Declining page --
spaces, requests and sign out button top right - directs user to new page respectively
details of the space at top of page
details of the user requesting the space below
other requests for the same space - filter/sort feature? 
confirm or deny button at bottom - returns user to updated requests page depending on their action
final confirmation screen in case of misclick? 




** Nice to haves **

-- Updating details page --
filled in fields with the previous details available for editing
confirm changes button at bottom - returns user to spaces page

-- Profile page -- 
Can add/update personal details
changing email/password
add/change phone number

-- Chat page -- 
